# 1040NR-EZ-playground
A playground that takes in basic information from users and fills up 1040NR-EZ form for tax filing purposes.
Strores user information on local storage and hence boosts the privacy factors associated with such important data.
Targetted towards Indian international students in the US working on campus jobs trying to file taxes with ease.

Background for existence:-
I am an international student studying in the US and I got my first job as a Grader in September 2019. As the deadline for tax filings for the 2019 financial year approached, I turned to the international center at my University who advised me to use Sprintax, an online tax calculator service for international students. As an international student working an on campus job to pay for my living expenses, I was shocked to see the high fees charged by Sprintax and similar services. On researching more, I found the forms extremely easy to complete as they need very basic information from the students and the tax calculations are fairly easy. I found Swift Student Challenge to be the perfect opportunity to create an App using Swift Playgrounds that asks the user for basic information and displays a completed form with all of the required data fields filled. It is intended to be used by international students from India working an on campus job in the US. It can be modified to be used by students from other countries quite easily but that will require a change in the calculation formulas. I wanted to help people in similar situations as me and this app basically eliminates the need for students to pay hefty charges asked by services such as Sprintax. 
